This method allows you to call any .NET `async` method - any method that returns a `Task` object basically -  asynchronously by passing in a callback object that is called back when the async method completes or fails.This method provides true, out of band async processing **using callbacks handlers rather than linear code**, but it allows you to continue running code in FoxPro until the async code completes and notifies you in the background.### Requires a Callback Handler ObjectUnlike linear code this method requires a callback method to be notified when the async call succeeds or fails. It this via an `AsyncCallbackEvents` class you can implement that handles `OnCompleted()` and `OnError()` methods that notify of success or failure in the background as the operation completes.#### Keep Callback Handlers simpleIt's important that the callback handler methods should not be long running as they block in .NET, and - if many are running simultaneously calling into FoxPro STA objects - you can get into potential deadlock states. This feature is pushing FoxPro's threading logic to its limit and officially this type of callback scenario is not recommended. However, as long as you keep the callback methods fast and as non-blocking as possible this scheme works reliably.It's recommended that if you do any significant code you schedule that code onto the main FoxPro thread. So instead of doing complex processing in the callback handler, pick up the result value and store it in an accessible property or variable, and then trigger processing from your main FoxPro thread. This minimizes the code that runs off a non-FoxPro .NET thread and prevents blocking on the .NET end.