Stored procedures can be called in several different ways with wwSQL. You can use either syntax that uses the AddParameter() method to add parameters to add named parameters to your SQL queries or you can use standard VFP SQL Passthrough syntax using `?varname` in a string.Using the AddSqlParameters() is the preferred mechanism however, since it ensures that the parameter values you are passing are actually in scope when the method is executed as the values are copied into an internal array. Otherwise if you're using `?varname` syntax make sure the variables you use are `PRIVATE` so they are visible inside of the wwSql method that executes the query.Let's take the following dummy stored procedure:```sqlCREATE PROCEDURE test   @cName varchar(30),  @iResult int OUTPUTASselect * from wws_customers where company like @cNameSet @iResult = 10GO```This SP takes a couple of parameters one of which is an output parameter and it returns a result cursor.The official way to do this is the following syntax:```foxprooSQL = CREATEOBJECT("wwSQL")  && ODBCoSQL.Connect("database=WebStore")*** Add named parametersoSQL.AddParameter("W%","cName")oSQL.AddParameter(0,"iResult","OUT")  && Output parameter*** Make the SP call against the serverIF !oSQL.ExecuteStoredProcedure("test")      ? oSQL.cErrorMsg	RETURNENDIF*** Retrieve a parameterlnResultValue = oSQL.oParameters["iResult"].Value*** Cursor returned from the SELECTBROWSE```The above is the most effective way and gives you the most control over parameter types. You can actually specify each parameters type and width, size etc.### Using traditional VFP SQL Passthrough SyntaxWe recommend you use the above syntax but for backwards compatibility you can also use Visual FoxPro SQL Passthrough syntax with Execute or ExecuteNonQuery when using wwSQL.```foxprocName = "W%"iResult = 0oSQL.Execute("execute Test ?cName,?@iResult")*** Retrieve parameters? iResult? o.Parameters["iResult"].Value```Note the @iResult parameter in the SQL string, which signifies that he parameter is an OUT parameter.