When you use wwDotnetBridge's `InvokeMethod()` or `GetProperty()` or `SetProperty()` these Proxy methods in some cases fix up the input parameters and return values to mapped types to make it easier to access them from FoxPro.There are two fix up mechanisms:* Fix up method Return Values and `GetProperty()` results* Fix up Parameters or `SetProperty() calls### Return Value and GetProperty() FixupsWhen you call a method with `InvokeMethod()` or get a property value with `GetProperty()` some result values are automatically fixed up.The following describes how values are fixed up:| .NET Type        | Returned As               ||------------------|---------------------------|| Long/Int64       | FoxPro Decimal (Y)        || char             | FoxPro String (C(1))      || DbNull           | FoxPro Null               || Array            | ComArray Wrapper          || List<T>          | ComArray Wrapper          || Dictionary<T,T1> | ComArray wrapper          || HashSet<T>       | ComArray wrapper          || Guid             | ComValue wrapper (string) || byte             | ComValue wrapper (int)    || char             | ComValue wrapper (int)    |### `InvokeMethod()` Parameters or `SetProperty()` FixupsWhen you call a method via `InvokeMethod()` and pass parameters, or when you call `SetProperty()` to assign a value, the input value you pass from FoxPro is fixed in some cases as FoxPro cannot easily pass certain types to .NET including Value types, generic types, arrays and collections, Guids and more.| FoxPro Type    | .NET Type                       ||----------------|---------------------------------|| .NULL. or Null | DbNull                          || VarBinary Data | byte[]                          || ComArray       | fixed up to `ComArray.Instance` || ComValue       | fixed up to `ComValue.Value`    || ComGuid        | fixed up to `ComGuid.Value`     |### Wrapper objectsYou may notice the `ComArray`, `ComValue` and `ComGuid` objects in the lists above. These are wwDotnetBridge helper objects that **wrap** .NET types with an internal instance, and methods that allow FoxPro to manipulate the object or structure which would otherwise not be directly possible using direct COM access.#### ComArray for ArraysThe most common use case likely is using the ComArray class to create a .NET array and pass it to .NET. ComArray lets you create and edit .NET arrays inside of .NET without ever having to pass the actual array to FoxPro - instead you can access the individual items in the array - or collection - using the ComArray methods.#### ComValue for Unsupported Foxpro TypesAdditionally you may also run into types that are not supported in FoxPro or don't translate properly to .NET via COM. ComValue has helper methods that allow you to create a number of common .NET types and constructs from FoxPro values or structures that can then be passed to .NET.Most commonly when you encounter a type that's not supported you can work around the issue the [ComValue class](VFPS://Topic/_3481232SD) by assigning a FoxPro value to this class using one of the supported helper methods.