Constructor for the wwDotNetBridge class. Allows specification of the .NET runtime to be used via optional parameter. Last optional parameter determines whether .NET runtime is loaded directly into VFP or whether the .NET component is loaded via COM Interop.```foxproloBridge = CREATEOBJECT("wwDotNetBridge","v4.0.30319",.F.)```You can specify the following values for the version (at the time of writing):* `V2` or `V4`* Specific version numbers  like `v2.0.50727` or `v4.0.30319`The default currently is `V4` which is the version of the compiled wwDotNetBridge component. We highly recommend you always use `V4` as that's the most widely available and pre-installed version of .NET today.The runtime can be specified only on the first creation of the wwDotNetBridge object within the calling process (VFP Application) - all subsequent version number requests are ignored as the existing runtime is used for all other components loaded.The logical llUseCom parameter allows to specify whether the wwDotNetBridge .NET component hosts the .NET runtime (.F. which is default) or whether COM Interop activation (ie. CreateObject()) is used to instantiate it.Note that if you are targeting a specific version of .NET you might have to add the following to either VFP9.exe.config or YourApp.exe.config:```xml<?xml version="1.0"?><configuration>  <startup>    <supportedRuntime version="v4.0.30319" />    <!-- supportedRuntime version="v2.0.50727"/ -->  </startup></configuration>```This ensures that wwDotNetBridge will run in the correct version of the .NET runtime. You still need to specify explicitly which version of the .NET runtime you want if you choose one other than the default version.