Calls a REST service that returns and optionally expects JSON data. The JSON data is returned as a FoxPro simple value, object or collection.### Parameter InputsTo call a service you specify the HTTP Verb, plus any optional data to send to the service. You can only pass a single value that is serialized to JSON, but this value can be an object that contains many nested sub-objects or collections. REST services in general accept only a single data object which can contain mutliple sub-objects that act as parameters. How this is set up depends on the service however.### Return ValuesThis method expects the service to return a JSON response (`application/json` content type) which is turned into a FoxPro value, object or collection that is returned as part of this method. ### Error ResultsIf the result is an error response (400-599 HTTP Error Codes) you can check `lError` and `cErrorMsg`. If the error result includes JSON and a `.message` or `.Message` property that value is set for the error message.> #### @icon-warning Errors return a Response Value> Note that `CallService()` always returns some sort of response - either a string of the raw HTTP buffer, or if the data is `application/json` content, the deserialized JSON object. This happens **even if an error occurred**. So if you get a 401 (Not Authorized) and the server sends a JSON object response with error info, you get that object back.  > > The bottom line is: You always need to check the `.lError` flag or check the `. to ascertain whether the req