By default `wwBusinessObject` works with integer PKs and uses a lookup table to generate new ids as objects are created. The default process works like this:When you call the New() method:* New() creates a new blank record and issues a SCATTER NAME on it* New() calls CreateNewId() to generate a new PK and assigns it to the PK field* CreateNewId() internally calls a VFP Function or SQL Server Stored Procedure to generate a new Integer PK* You can override CreateNewId() to return a custom value with your own logic### How the default New Id Creation behavior worksThe key here is the CreateNewId() method which generates the new Integer Pk. This default behavior uses a lookup table which contains a key for the table name and an integer value that is incremented. When a new Id is requested the single record is briefly locked and the value incremented by one and returned.### FoxPro New Id CreationIn FoxPro this behavior is handled by FoxPro code inside of CreateNewId() using the table defined in the cIDTable property. ### Overriding New Id GenerationYou can easily override or completely remove the ID generation logic. The `CreateNewId()` method is responsible for generating new ids and it returns a result value that is used for the new ID when `CreateNewId()` is called.To override the ID generation just override the method and return whatever value and type you like. For example to generate new string Ids you might use:```foxproFUNCTION CreateNewId()*** Built-in* RETURN SYS(2015)*** Generate a 12 character Unique ID from wwutils.prgRETURN GetUniqueId(10)ENDFUNC```The resulting value is assigned to the PK field.If you want to skip ID generation because your database automatically creates new auto-ids you can `RETURN -1`:```FUNCTION CreateNewId()RETURN -1```This skips the assignment part of the new ID generation. Note that you'll be responsible for filling the `.oData.Pk` (or whatever field you use for a PK) if you use that most likely by reloading the record after it's been saved with the generated id.One advantage of the pre-generation of keys is that you can assign a newly generated key to a relationship that has not been saved to disk yet. ### Sql Server New Id CreationFor SQL Server a stored procedure `sp_ww_NewId` is used and it relies on a table called wws_id to hold the tables:```sqlCREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[sp_ww_NewID]  @cName char(30),  @nRetval int OUTPUTASUPDATE wws_Id   SET id = id + 1,      @nRetval = id + 1WHERE TableName = @cNameif @@ROWCOUNT < 1BEGIN	insert into wws_id (Tablename,Id,pkfield,pktype,pkwidth) values (@cName,1,'','',0)		set @nRetval = 1END```The table and stored procedure can be automatically generated from the Console using the Create Sql Server Tables.The wws_id table is very simple and looks like this:```sqlCREATE TABLE [dbo].[wws_id](	[tablename] [varchar](50) NOT NULL,	[id] [int] NOT NULL,	[pkfield] [varchar(50)] NOT NULL CONSTRAINT [df_wwsid_pkfield] DEFAULT '',	[pkwidth] [int] NOT NULL CONSTRAINT [df_wwsid_pkwidth] DEFAULT 0,	[pktype] [varchar(5)] NOT NULL CONSTRAINT [df_wwsid_pktype] DEFAULT '') ON [PRIMARY]```Each table that you want to create a PK for should have an entry in `tablename` field and `id` should start at 0.